文件名: 绝佳英语口语听力素材_Amazing_Places_to_Visit_in_China_英文字幕.mp3
原文：
中國是一位最既轉身旅程的地方全種於人民rivodū古建有的戔這裏同 cards  Their poplaces史修雅 thy avoiding修20 2世旗 is your perfect place如果你i want to start your journey在地ашioan【Ai Jinping】stay tuned and discover the best places去 visit in Chinaand get ready to live one of the most excitingand memorable experiencesyou will ever havein your life1. 北京你可以開始你的旅程在國際城市中北京在北中國的地方這城市是最有名的地方在世界上北京有22萬人以及人類有很多有趣的地方在北京你可以找到建築物體的如天堂或是北京都會有很多有趣的歷史北京的城市還在建築物體的歷史中在1906年建築物體的名為明 Emperor 永樂這地方是有幾個皇帝以及最重要的歷史活動在中國你可以去天堂或是貓山的貓山在北京地下的天堂店舖和餐廳會讓你不得了北京城市是 both modern and traditionaland the two blend beautifully2. 中國的大地A few hours away from Beijingyou will find this renowned monumentworld heritage siteand one of the best engineering worksin the history of humanitycontrary to the myththe great wall of Chinais not visible from spacebut this wall is approximately9000 km longand is one of the main attractions of Chinaits construction began in the 5th century BCbut it continued to be extendedand rebuilt until the 15th centuryto protect the city from invasioneven though certain areas of the wallare damagedand it's extremely oldthe great wall is still standingand you can visit it from Beijingthe best preserved sectionand therefore the most touristic spotis battling80 km from the capital3. 青銅Are you a panda lover?Those cute little black and white bearswon't to support you in ChengduChengyu concentrates most centersfor the conservation and breeding of pandasanimals in danger of extinctionin these parksyou can see many bears in semi-freedomsurrounded by bambooChengyu is also the capitalof Sichuan provincewhich is one of the most interestingand spicy cuisines in Chinawhat better way than to go on a gastronomic safari too?deliciouswant to see a third centuryBC army of more than 8000 men?here it's possiblethis army of life-sizedterracotta figureswith their cavalry and chariotsare here to protect the emperor in deaththis city is consideredthe eastern end of the famous silk roadwith all that it entailsin Xi'anyou can find the most traditionalChina representationswith the beautiful walland the magnificent towersof the bell and drumand there's also a muslim quarterso authenticthat you will not knowif you are in the asian giantor morocconumber 5Shanghaithis city is consideredthe second capitalof ChinaShanghai skylineis one of the most impressiveespecially when viewedfrom the BundShanghai's colonial style waterfrontin china's second capitalbe sure to stroll alongthe bustling and modernnanjing roadshanghai's commercial arteryalso visit the old cityand enter the wuwen gardensbeautiful private gardensof the 16th centurythat will make you wantto take a photo in every cornernumber 6Hong KongHong Kong is a vital destinationif you intend to visit asiathis metropolisis the city that never sleepsin chinait's one of the most cosmopolitanmetropolises in the whole worldit's full of skyscrapersilluminated by itsdaily light showat 8pmfrom the avenue of starsthe highest mountain in the cityis victoria peakwhere you can enjoythe most beautiful sunsetssave a few days of your tripto live like a real hong kongerand discover the cantonese foodin the night marketsif you like to partygo to Lan Kuai Fongor go up and downagain and againon the world's longest stairsthe central mid-level escalatorsnumber 7Shangri-Lathe city of Shangri-Lais a town locatedin the northeast of Yunnan provinceformerly known asSun Di Yongthis quiet townchanged its name in 2002in honor of the novelLost Horizons by James Hiltonto come to Shangri-Layou must take a domestic flightor make an overland tripfrom the Li Jun regionthe city of Zhenjunis a relatively small placethat can be visitedon foot by touristsit's also difficult to get lostas they will always haveMount Guishenas a point of orientationamong the main points of interestis the Potanzhou National Parklocated in the rural part of the townand the Ganden Sumpt-Selling Monasterylocated in Yunnanthese spaces are the bestif you're looking for a physicaland spiritual connectionwith yourselfand with naturethe city also has good restaurantsto eat atafter a long walkthe dining is highly recommendedand located in the centerNumber 8Buda of Lishanon the side of a cliffat the confluence of theDandu,Zhengand Qingji riversand a few hours from Chengduis the tallest stone statueof Buddha in the worldthe Buddha of Lishanhas 71 meters in heightand was sculpted in the 8th centuryto guard the course of the riverso wildthat they swallowed any boatthat sailed through themcurrently you can visit its annex templethe Da'fohwhere you can find more Buddha statuesand then contemplatewith your own eyesthe great BuddhaNumber 9Pingyaothis mythical cityis trapped 600 years in the pastand it will transport you straight backto the Ming and Qing eraslocated halfway betweenBeijing and Xianthis region gives you a chanceto travel through timeand experience the bestauthentic ChinaPingyao is not your typicalChinese city full ofbrightly lit skyscrapersand financial centerson the contraryit's a tourist destinationwith a lot of Chinese cultureand historyone of its main attractionsis the medieval wall of Pingyaolocated on the outskirts of the townthis mega constructionis about 12 meters highand has 72 watchtowersyou will also findthe Ming Qing street market towera building 18 meters highand 3 floorsit's the tallest skyscraperNumber 10Zhou ZhuoangZhou Zhuoang is consideredthe Asian Veniceand is a point of interest in Chinalocated in the administrative areaof Kun ShanZhou Zhuoang is one of the most beautifuland romantic placesfor traveling as a coupleTurian the canals of Zhou Zhuoangwill make you fall in loveon the first daybecause it's quite environmentsand beautiful viewscan surprise anyoneyou can also visitthe Shanteng houselocated south of the Yangzi riverand built byemperor Jijiang's orderin 1712you can also visitthe Milu towerfamous for being a meeting pointfor literary peopleChina is undoubtedly a countrythat we should all travel towe mentioned ten placesto visit on your next trip to Chinabut we assure youthat you will fall shortbecause this countryhas so much more to offerit's undoubtedly a different countryand a great wayto start your trip to Asiaso pack your bagsand let yourself enjoyand love China请不吝点赞 订阅 转发 打赏 打赏
翻译：
中国是一个充满转身旅程的地方，这里有着丰富的历史和文化遗产，以及令人惊叹的自然景观。无论你是想探索古老的历史遗迹，还是体验现代化的都市生活，中国都能满足你的需求。以下是我们为你精选的十个必游之地，准备好迎接一生中最激动人心和难忘的体验吧！

1. 北京
你可以从中国的首都北京开始你的旅程。这座城市以其丰富的历史和文化遗产而闻名于世。在北京，你可以参观如天坛这样的古代建筑，或者探索北京胡同的独特魅力。北京不仅是一个现代化的国际大都市，同时也保留了许多传统的元素，两者在这里完美融合。

2. 长城
距离北京几小时车程的地方，你会发现这座世界著名的文化遗产，也是人类历史上最伟大的工程之一。尽管长城不能从太空中看到，但它长达约9000公里，是中国最主要的旅游景点之一。长城的修建始于公元前5世纪，直到15世纪才完成，目的是为了保护城市免受入侵。

3. 成都
如果你是熊猫爱好者，那么成都绝对不容错过。成都是中国大熊猫保护和繁育的主要中心，在这里你可以看到许多半自由状态的熊猫，周围环绕着竹林。此外，成都还是四川的省会，这里有着中国最有趣和最辣的美食。

4. 西安
想看看公元前3世纪的8000多名士兵的军队吗？在西安，这是可能的。这座城市被认为是著名的丝绸之路的东端，拥有丰富的历史和文化。在西安，你可以找到最传统的中国代表，如美丽的城墙和宏伟的钟鼓楼。

5. 上海
上海被认为是中国的第二首都，其天际线尤其令人印象深刻，尤其是在外滩观看时。在上海，你一定要沿着繁华的南京路漫步，这是上海的商业动脉。此外，还可以参观老城区和豫园，这些16世纪的私人花园会让你想在每个角落拍照。

6. 香港
如果你打算访问亚洲，香港是一个必去的目的地。这座不夜城是世界上最国际化的都市之一，充满了摩天大楼，每晚8点还有灯光秀。从星光大道到城市最高峰的维多利亚峰，你可以欣赏到最美的日落。

7. 香格里拉
香格里拉是一个位于云南省东北部的小镇，以其宁静的环境和美丽的自然景观而闻名。如果你想寻找一种身心的连接，香格里拉的国家公园和寺庙是最佳选择。

8. 乐山大佛
在成都附近，你可以参观世界上最高的石雕佛像——乐山大佛。这座高达71米的佛像雕刻于8世纪，目的是为了保护河流的航行安全。

9. 平遥
这座神话般的城市仿佛被困在了600年前的过去，将带你直接回到明清时代。平遥不是一个典型的现代化中国城市，而是一个充满中国文化和历史的旅游目的地。

10. 周庄
周庄被誉为“东方威尼斯”，是一个位于昆山行政区的美丽浪漫之地。在这里，你可以沿着周庄的运河漫步，感受其独特的环境和美景。

中国无疑是一个我们都应该去旅行的国家。我们提到了十个在你下次中国之行中必去的地方，但我们保证，这还远远不够，因为这个国家有太多值得探索的地方。所以，收拾好行囊，让自己尽情享受和爱上中国吧！

文件名: _TED演讲_你只需要20小时_就可以学会任何事情___中英_纯英_无字幕自由切换_非常适合英语学习的素材.mp3
原文：
Hi everyone.Two years ago, my life changed forever.My wife Kelsey and Iwelcome our daughter Leela into the world.Now becoming a parent is an amazing amazing experience.Your whole world changes.Your whole world changes.Your whole world changes.And all of your priorities change immediately.So fast that it makes it really difficult to process sometimes.Now you also have to learn a tremendous amount about being a parent.Like for example, how to dress your child.This was new to me.This is an actual outfit.I thought this was a good idea.And even Leela knows that it's a good idea.So there was so much to learn and so much craziness all at once.And to add to the craziness,Kelsey and I both work from home.We're entrepreneurs.We run our own businesses.So Kelsey is a developed courses online for yoga teachers.I'm an author.And so I'm working for home.Kelsey is working for home.We have an infant and we're trying to get her to learn.So we're trying to get her to learn.So we're trying to get her to learn.So we have an infant and we're trying to make sure that everything gets done that needs done.And life is really, really, really busy.And a couple weeks into this amazing experience,when the sleep deprivation really kicked in like around week eight,I had this thought and it was the same thought that parents across the ages internationally,everybody has had this thought,which is,I am never going to have free time ever again.And somebody said it's true.Yeah,it's not exactly true,but it feels really,really true in that moment.And this was really disconcerting to me because one of the things that I enjoy more than anything else is learning new things.Getting curious about something and diving in and fiddling around and learning through trial and error,and eventually becoming pretty good at something.And without this free time,I didn't know how I was ever going to do that ever again.And so I'm a big geek.I want to keep learning things.I want to keep growing.And so what I decided to do was go to the library and go to the bookstore.And look at what research says about how we learn and how we learn quickly.And I read a bunch of books,I read a bunch of websites,and trying to answer this question,how long does it take to acquire a new skill?You know what I found?10,000 hours.Anybody ever heard this?10,000,it takes 10,000 hours.If you want to learn something new,if you want to be good at it,it's going to take 10,000 hours to get there.And I read this in book after book and website after website.And my mental experience of reading all of this stuff was like,no.I don't have time.I don't have 10,000 hours.I am never going to be able to learn anything new ever again.But that's not true.So 10,000 hours just to give you a rough order of magnitude.10,000 hours is a full time job for five years.That's a long time.And we've all had the experience of learning something new.And it didn't take us anywhere close to that amount of time,right?So what's up?There's something kind of funky going on here.What the research says and what we expect and have experiences,they don't match up.And what I found,here's the wrinkle.The 10,000 hour rule came out of studies of expert level performance.There was a professor at Florida State University.His name is Kaye Anders Erickson.He's the originator of the 10,000 hour rule.And where that came from is he studied professional athletes,world class musicians,Chess grandmasters,all of these ultra competitive folks in ultra high performing fields.And he tried to figure out how long does it take to get to the top of those kinds of fields.And what he found is the more deliberate practice,the more time that those individuals spent practicing the elements,whatever it is that they do,the more time you spend,the better you get.And the folks at the tippy top of their fields put in around 10,000 hours of practice.Now we're talking about the game of telephone a little bit earlier.Here's what happened.An author by the name of Malcolm Gladwell,wrote a book in 2007 called Outliers,the story of success.And the centerpiece of that book was the 10,000 hour rule.Practice a lot,practice well,and you will do extremely well.You reach the top of your field.So the message,what Dr.Anderson was actually saying is,it takes 10,000 hours to get to the top of an ultra competitive field是一個很暖和的東西,那是意思的.But here's what happened. Ever since Outliers came out,immediately came out,reached the top of the best seller list,stayed there for three solid months.All of a sudden,the 10,000 hour rule was everywhere.And a society-wide game of telephone started to be played.So this message,it takes 10,000 hours to reach the top of an ultra competitive field,became,it takes 10,000 hours to become an expert at something.which became,it takes 10,000 hours to become good at something.which became,it takes 10,000 hours to learn something.But that last statement,it takes 10,000 hours to learn something,it's not true.It's not true.So what the research actually says,if I spent a lot of time here at the CSU library,in the cognitive psychology stacks,because I'm a geek.And when you actually look at the studies of skill acquisition,you see over and over and over,a graph like this.Now researchers,whether they're studying a motor skill,something you do physically or a mental skill,they like to study things that they can time,because you can quantify that,right?So they'll give research participants a little task,something that requires physical arrangement,something that requires learning a little mental trick,and they'll time how long a participant takes to complete the skill.And here's what this graph says,when you start,so when researchers gave participants a task,it took them a really long time,because it was new and they were horrible.With a little bit of practice,they get better and better and better,and that early part of practice is really really efficient.People get good at things,with just a little bit of practice.Now what's interesting to note is that,if you know,we don't really,for skills that we want to learn for ourselves,we don't care so much about time,right?We just care about how good we are,whatever good happens to me.So if we relabel performance time to how good you are,the graph flips,and you get this famous and widely known,this is the learning curve.And the story of the learning curve is when you start,you're grossly incompetent and you know it,right?With a little bit of practice,you get really good really quick,so that early level of improvement is really fast.And then at a certain point,you reach a plateau,and the subsequent gains become much harder to get.They take more time to get.Now,my question is,I want that,right?How long does it take from starting somethingand being grossly incompetent and knowing it,to being reasonably good,and hopefully,a short period of time,as possible?So,how long does that take?Here's what my research says,20 hours.That's it.You can go from knowing nothing about any skill that you can think of.Want to learn a language?Want to learn how to draw?Want to learn how to juggle flaming chainsaws?If you put 20 hours of focused,deliberate practice into that thing,you will be astounded,astounded at how good you are.20 hours is doable.That's about 45 minutes a day for about a month.I'm skipping a couple days here and there.20 hours isn't that hard to accumulate.Now,there's a method to doing this,because it's not like you can just start filling aroundfor about 20 hours and expect these massive improvements.There's a way to practice intelligently.There's a way to practice efficiently.That will make sure that you invest those 20 hoursin the most effective way that you possibly can.And here's the method.It applies to anything.The first is to deconstruct the skill.Decide exactly what you want to be able to do when you're done.And then look into the skill and break it downinto smaller and smaller pieces.Most of the things that we think of as skillsare actually big bundles of skillsthat require all sorts of different things.The more you can break apart the skill,the more you're able to decidewhat are the parts of the skillthat will actually help me get to what I want.And then you can practice those first.And if you practice the most important things first,you'll be able to improve your performancein the least amount of time possible.The second is learn enough to self-correct.So get three to five resourcesabout what it is you're trying to learn.Could be books, could be DVDs,could be courses, could be anything.But don't use those as a wayto procrastinate on practice.I know I do this, right?Get like twenty books about the topic.I'm going to start learning how to program a computerwhen I complete these twenty books.No,that's procrastination.What you want to do is learn just enoughthat you can actually practiceand self-correct or self-edit as you practice.So the learning becomes a way of getting betterat noticing when you're making a mistakeand then doing something a little different.The third is to remove barriers to practice.Distractions,television,internet.All of these things that get in the wayof you actually sitting down and doing the work.And the more you're able to use just a little bitof willpower to remove the distractionsthat are keeping you from practicing,the more likely you areto actually sit down and practice.And the fourth is to practicefor at least twenty hours.Now most skills have what I calla frustration barrier.You know,the grossly incompetent knowing it part.That's really,really frustrating.We don't like to feel stupid.And feeling stupid is a barrierto us actually sitting down and doing the work.So by precommitting to practicingwhatever it is that you want to dofor at least twenty hours,you will be able to overcomethat initial frustration barrierand stick with the practice long enoughto actually reap the rewards.That's it.It's not rocket science.Four very simple steps that you can useto learn anything.Now this is easy to talk about in theory,but it's more fun to talk about in practice.So one of the things that I've wantedto learn how to do for a long timeis play the ukulele.As anybody seeing Jake Shimabukuro'sted talk where he plays the ukuleleand makes it sound like he's likea ukulele god.It's amazing.I saw that.It's like that is so cool.It's such a neat instrument.I would really like to learn how to play.And so I decided that to test this theoryI wanted to put twenty hours intopracticing the ukuleleand see where we got.So the first thing about playing the ukuleleis in order to practice you have to have one.So I got an ukuleleand my lovely assistant.Thank you sir.I think I need the cord here.It's not just an ukulele.It's an electric ukulele.Yeah.So the first couple hours are just like the first couple hoursof anything.You have to get the toolsthat you're using to practice.You have to make sure that they're available.My ukulele didn't come with strings attached.I had to figure out how to put those on.That's kind of important,right?And learning how to tune and learning how to make surethat all of the things that need to be doneand start practicing get done.Now one of the things when I was ready to actuallystart practicing was I looked in online databasesand song books for how to play songs.And they say ok ukuleleis you can play more than one stringat a time so you can play chords.That's cool.You're accompanying yourself.Yay you.And when I started looking at songsI had an ukulele chord book.I had hundreds of chords looking at the thingswhoa that's intimidating.But when you look at the actual songsyou see the same chords over and over,right?As it turns out playing the ukuleleis kind of like doing anything.There's a very small set of things that are really importantand techniques that you'll use all the time.And so in most songs you'll use four, maybe fivechords and that's it.That's the song.You don't have to know the hundredsas long as you know the four or the five.So while I was doing my researchI found a wonderful little medley of pop songsby a band called Axis of Awesome.And somebody knows it.And what Axis of Awesome says is that you can learnor you can play pretty much any pop songover the past five decades if you know four chords.And those chords are G,D,E minor,C.Four chords pump out every pop song ever,right?So I thought this is cool.I would like to play every pop song ever.So that was the first song I decided to learn.And I would like to actually share it with you.Ready?就是A small town girl living in a lonely world.She took a midnight train going anywhereI heard that you settled down and that youYou found the girl that you're married nowEvery night in my dreams I see youI feel youThat's just how I know we'll go onI won't hesitate no moreNo more, it's cannot waitI'm yoursCause you were amazingWe did amazing things if I couldThen I wouldI'd go wherever you willAnd can you feel the love tonightI'd live with or without youWhen I find myself, find myself in times of troubleMother Mary comes to meSometimes I feel like I don't have a partnerNo woman, no cryI'm the shoddy, it's a dreamI come from London underOnce a jolly swag manCamped by a bill of bongHey, I just met youAnd this is crazyThen here's my numberSo call meHey, sexy ladyWhoop whoop whoop whoopWhat's up with my style?I'm tooSay goodbyeClosing timeEvery new beginningComing from some other beginnings andComing from a new beginningLike a dreamI'm not one to waitBut each dayI will changeLike a dreamI will move caves謝謝所以,非常感人 intellectuals 的學意 也不是對遊戲玩反而是自己跟遊戲玩大部分的 barrier is emotional我們害怕不覺得好 覺得不覺得好在開始學習什麼新的你覺得很瘋狂所以大部分的 barrier is not intellectual是情緒但是放20 個小時 into anything不 matter什麼你願意學你願意學習語言你願意學習怎麼煮你願意學習怎麼拌勻什麼你願意什麼你願意一起參與只要20 suspension有興趣好的
翻译：
大家好。两年前，我的生活发生了翻天覆地的变化。我和妻子凯尔西迎来了我们的女儿莉拉。成为父母是一种令人惊叹的经历，整个世界都变了，所有的优先事项也立刻改变了，快到有时真的很难处理。你还得学习大量关于如何做父母的知识，比如如何给孩子穿衣服，这对我来说是全新的。这是一套真实的服装，我以为这是个好主意，甚至莉拉也知道这是个好主意。所以有很多东西要学，而且一下子就变得很疯狂。更疯狂的是，我和凯尔西都在家工作，我们是企业家，经营自己的生意。凯尔西为瑜伽老师在线开发课程，我是一名作家，所以我在家工作，凯尔西也在家工作，我们有一个婴儿，我们试图让她学习，所以我们有一个婴儿，我们试图确保所有需要完成的事情都完成，生活真的非常非常忙碌。几周后，当睡眠不足真正开始时，大约在第八周，我有了这个想法，这是全世界父母都有的想法，那就是我再也不会有自由时间了。有人说这是真的，虽然不完全正确，但在那一刻感觉非常真实。这让我非常不安，因为比起其他任何事情，我更喜欢学习新东西。对某件事感到好奇，深入研究，反复试验，最终变得相当擅长。没有这些自由时间，我不知道我是否还能再做这些。所以我是个大书呆子，我想继续学习，继续成长。所以我决定去图书馆，去书店，看看关于我们如何学习和快速学习的研究。我读了很多书，很多网站，试图回答这个问题，掌握一项新技能需要多长时间？你知道我发现什么了吗？10000小时。有人听说过吗？10000小时，如果你想学点新东西，如果你想擅长它，你需要10000小时才能达到。我在一本书又一本书，一个网站又一个网站上读到这个。我读这些东西的心理体验是，不，我没有时间，我没有10000小时，我再也不能学新东西了。但这不是真的。所以10000小时只是一个大概的数量级，10000小时是五年的全职工作，那是很长的时间。我们都经历过学习新东西的经历，并没有花那么长时间，对吧？所以这是怎么回事？这里有点不对劲。研究结果和我们期望的以及我们的经验不匹配。我发现的是，10000小时规则来自于对专家级表现的研究。佛罗里达州立大学的一位教授，他的名字是凯尔·安德斯·埃里克森，他是10000小时规则的创始人。他研究了职业运动员、世界级音乐家、国际象棋大师，所有这些在超高表现领域中极具竞争力的人。他试图弄清楚达到这些领域的顶峰需要多长时间。他发现，越是有意的练习，这些人花在练习他们所做的元素上的时间越多，你花的时间越多，你就越好。那些在他们领域顶尖的人大约投入了10000小时的练习。现在我们稍微谈到了电话游戏。事情是这样的，一位名叫马尔科姆·格拉德威尔的作家在2007年写了一本书，名为《异类：成功的故事》。这本书的核心是10000小时规则，练习得多，练习得好，你就会非常出色，达到你领域的顶峰。所以安德森博士实际上在说的是，达到一个极具竞争力的领域的顶峰需要10000小时，这是一个很温暖的东西，那是意思的。但事情是这样的，自从《异类》出版以来，它立即登上了畅销书榜首，连续三个月稳居榜首。突然间，10000小时规则无处不在，全社会开始玩起了电话游戏。所以这个信息，达到一个极具竞争力的领域的顶峰需要10000小时，变成了，成为某方面的专家需要10000小时，变成了，变得擅长某事需要10000小时，变成了，学习某事需要10000小时。但最后一个陈述，学习某事需要10000小时，是不正确的，不正确的。所以研究实际上说的是，如果我在CSU图书馆花了大量时间，在认知心理学书架上，因为我是个书呆子。当你实际查看技能获取的研究时，你会一次又一次地看到这样的图表。现在研究人员，无论是研究运动技能还是心理技能，他们喜欢研究他们可以计时的事情，因为你可以量化它，对吧？所以他们会给研究参与者一个小任务，需要物理安排的事情，需要学习一点心理技巧的事情，他们会计时参与者完成技能需要多长时间。这个图表说的是，当你开始时，研究人员给参与者一个任务，他们花了很长时间，因为这是新的，他们很糟糕。稍微练习一下，他们就会越来越好，早期练习的部分非常非常有效。人们只需要一点练习就能擅长某事。有趣的是，如果你知道，我们并不真正关心时间，对吧？我们只关心我们有多好，无论好对我来说是什么。所以如果我们把表现时间重新标记为你的好坏，图表就会翻转，你会得到这个著名且广为人知的，这是学习曲线。学习曲线的故事是，当你开始时，你非常无能，你知道这一点，对吧？稍微练习一下，你会很快变得非常好，所以早期改进的水平非常快。然后在某个点，你会达到一个平台期，随后的进步变得更难获得，需要更多时间。现在，我的问题是，我想要那个，对吧？从开始某事并非常无能到变得相当好，希望尽可能短的时间，需要多长时间？我的研究表明，20小时。就是这样。你可以从对任何你想学的技能一无所知开始。想学一门语言？想学画画？想学耍火链锯？如果你在那件事上投入20小时的专注、有意的练习，你会惊讶于你有多好。20小时是可行的，大约每天45分钟，持续一个月。我偶尔会跳过几天。20小时并不难积累。现在，有一个方法来做这件事，因为不像你可以随便开始乱搞20小时，期望这些巨大的改进。有一种聪明的方法来练习，有一种高效的方法来练习，这将确保你以最有效的方式投资这20小时。方法是这样的，适用于任何事情。首先是分解技能，决定你完成后想做什么，然后深入技能，把它分解成越来越小的部分。我们认为是技能的大多数事情实际上是需要各种不同东西的大捆技能。你分解得越多，你就越能决定哪些部分实际上能帮助我达到我想要的，然后你可以先练习那些。如果你先练习最重要的事情，你就能在最短的时间内提高你的表现。第二是学习足够的自我纠正，所以获取三到五个关于你想学的东西的资源。可以是书，可以是DVD，可以是课程，可以是任何东西。但不要用这些作为拖延练习的方式。我知道我会这样做，对吧？得到关于这个话题的二十本书。我要开始学习如何编程电脑，当我完成这二十本书时。不，那是拖延。你想要做的是学习足够的东西，这样你就可以实际练习并自我纠正或自我编辑。所以学习成为一种方式，让你在注意到错误时变得更好，然后做一点不同的事情。第三是消除练习的障碍，分心，电视，互联网，所有这些让你无法坐下来做工作的事情。你越能用一点意志力消除让你无法练习的分心，你就越有可能坐下来练习。第四是至少练习二十小时，大多数技能都有我所谓的挫折障碍，你知道，非常无能的部分，那真的很令人沮丧。我们不喜欢感觉愚蠢，感觉愚蠢是我们实际坐下来做工作的障碍。所以通过预先承诺练习你想要做的至少二十小时，你将能够克服最初的挫折障碍，并坚持练习足够长的时间，以获得回报。就是这样，这不是火箭科学，四个非常简单的步骤，你可以用来学习任何东西。现在这在理论上很容易谈论，但在实践中更有趣。所以我想学很久的一件事是弹尤克里里。有人看过杰克·岛袋的演讲，他弹尤克里里，听起来像尤克里里之神。太神奇了，我看到了，就像那太酷了，那是一种很棒的乐器，我真的很想学怎么弹。所以我决定测试这个理论，我想投入二十小时练习尤克里里，看看我们能到哪里。所以关于弹尤克里里的第一件事是，为了练习你必须有一个。所以我得到了一个尤克里里和我可爱的助手，谢谢你，先生。我想我需要这里的线，它不仅仅是一个尤克里里，它是一个电尤克里里。是的。所以前几个小时就像任何事情的前几个小时一样。你必须得到你用来练习的工具，你必须确保它们是可用的。我的尤克里里没有附带琴弦，我必须弄清楚如何安装它们，这很重要，对吧？学习如何调音，学习如何确保所有需要做的事情开始练习。当我准备好开始练习时，我在在线数据库和歌曲书中查找如何弹奏歌曲。他们说尤克里里可以同时弹奏多根弦，所以你可以弹和弦，那很酷，你在给自己伴奏，耶你。当我开始看歌曲时，我有一个尤克里里和弦书，我有数百个和弦看着这些东西，哇，那很吓人。但当你看实际的歌曲时，你会看到同样的和弦一遍又一遍，对吧？事实证明，弹尤克里里有点像做任何事情。有一小部分东西非常重要，你会一直使用的技术。所以在大多数歌曲中你会使用四个，也许五个和弦，就是这样。这首歌，你不需要知道数百个，只要你知道四个或五个。所以在做研究时，我发现了一个由乐队Axis of Awesome演奏的流行歌曲的小串烧。有人知道。Axis of Awesome说，如果你知道四个和弦，你可以学习或演奏过去五十年中的几乎任何流行歌曲。那些和弦是G

